Thank you.
¶¶
¶¶ ?
?
? Thank you.
Thank you.
When will the day come? When will the day
come?
Thank you.
¶¶ ¶¶
¶¶
Thank you.
Carlos Patato Valdez. Camila Carlos.
¶¶ Tony Cintron Jr.
Thank you.
¶¶
Thank you very much. That was our own
original jamboree.
Jamboree. I didn't know you liked calypso
so well.
I was saying good evening, ladies and
gentlemen. This is a bilingual situation
here. And it's more than bilingual because
Patato speaks Spanish, English, African.
Muchacho. I'm talking about Mr. Carlos
Patato Valdez.
This is the Inter-American band. See over
there they didn't have room to put, or
they didn't have the letters. They put
just my name. They're supposed to be my
name and the Inter-American band with
Nicky Marrero. How about that?
From Brazil, Sergio Brandao.
And this young New York Rican, Tony
Cintron Jr. Junior.
Right now, I would like to play for you
another original called Samba All Day
Long. This is our interpretation of samba.
Thank you.
¶¶
?
Thank you.
Sergio Brandao
¶¶
Thank you.
Nikki Marrero.
guitar solo
Thank you.
Now we like to feature Mr. Patato Valdez,
playing his own composition, Come along.
Camina Patato.
Thank you.